lib/httpserver: option for disabling HTTP keep-alives (#9125)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* SECURITY: upgrade Go builder from Go1.24.3 to Go1.24.4. See [the list of issues addressed in Go1.24.4](https://github.com/golang/go/issues?q=milestone%3AGo1.24.4+label%3ACherryPickApproved).
* SECURITY: upgrade base docker image (Alpine) from 3.21.3 to 3.22.0. See [Alpine 3.22.0 release notes](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.22.0-released.html).

> * FEATURE: all the VictoriaMetrics components: add `-http.disableKeepAlive` to disable HTTP keep-alives for incoming connections. Helps improve load balancing across replicas behind some load balancers. See [#9125](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9125) and [#2395](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/2395) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: all the VictoriaMetrics components: add `-http.disableKeepAlive` to disable HTTP keep-alives for incoming connections. The flag could improve load balancing among replicas behind HTTP load balancers. See [#9125](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9125) and [#2395](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/2395) for details.
```
